content/docs/general/initial-navigation.md, before:

---
mainPage: false
title: Initial Navigation to obtain URLs
description: Initial Navigation to obtain URLs with Liferay Headless APIs
weight: 6
---

We recommend to not hardcode the URLs as they may change in the future. URLs must be asked to the service before making any request.

The URLs belonging to the entry point can be obtained making a request to `/o/api`.

Different [hypermedia formats](/docs/general/hypermedia-types.html) are supported for the response.

The response in `json HAL` format will contain a `_links` object with the different links to be used. For example: 

```json
{
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "http://localhost:8080/o/api"
        },
        "user-account": {
            "href": "http://localhost:8080/o/api/p/user-account"
        },
        "content-space": {
            "href": "http://localhost:8080/o/api/p/content-space"
        },
        "my-user-account": {
            "href": "http://localhost:8080/o/api/p/my-user-account"
        },
        "web-site": {
            "href": "http://localhost:8080/o/api/p/web-site"
        },
        "organization": {
            "href": "http://localhost:8080/o/api/p/organization"
        },
        "roles": {
            "href": "http://localhost:8080/o/api/p/roles"
        }
    }
}
```

The URLs for managing collections such as Organization or Roles can be
found inside the section `_links` with the keys `organization` or `roles`.
(These keys are our API and they do not change). 

These URLs allow us to obtain the entities (`GET` method).

When navigating through a collection of entities, the link to each entity can be found with the rel `self`. 

You can find more examples in the following [link](/docs/general/examples.html).

Commit message:

Edits to docs in general section

content/docs/general/initial-navigation.md, after:

---
mainPage: false
title: Initial Navigation to Obtain URLs
description: Initial Navigation to obtain URLs with Liferay Headless APIs
weight: 6
---

First, you must get a list of the URLs you can make requests to. To get a list of URLs available at the API's entry point, make a request to `/o/api`. Note that it's important not to hardcode URLs in future requests, as they may change.

Different [hypermedia formats](/docs/general/hypermedia-types.html) are supported for the response. These formats represent results differently. For example, responses in the JSON-HAL format have a `_links` object that contains the available URLs: 

```json
{
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "http://localhost:8080/o/api"
        },
        "user-account": {
            "href": "http://localhost:8080/o/api/p/user-account"
        },
        "content-space": {
            "href": "http://localhost:8080/o/api/p/content-space"
        },
        "my-user-account": {
            "href": "http://localhost:8080/o/api/p/my-user-account"
        },
        "web-site": {
            "href": "http://localhost:8080/o/api/p/web-site"
        },
        "organization": {
            "href": "http://localhost:8080/o/api/p/organization"
        },
        "roles": {
            "href": "http://localhost:8080/o/api/p/roles"
        }
    }
}
```

The `organization` and `roles` keys in this response each contain a URL for retrieving the Organizations and Roles in the portal, respectively. Note that requests to these URLs return a collection of entities (e.g., a collection of the portal's Roles). When navigating a collection, the `self` key contains the requested resource. 

You can find more examples in the following [link](/docs/general/examples.html).
